docs(event-handler): add docs page for Bedrock Agent Function (#3991)
aws-powertools/powertools-lambda-typescript: docs/features/event-handler/bedrock-agents.md

**Large Language Models (LLM)** are very large deep learning models that are pre-trained on vast amounts of data, capable of extracting meanings from a sequence of text and understanding the relationship between words and phrases within that text.

**Amazon Bedrock Agent** is an Amazon Bedrock feature to build and deploy conversational agents that can interact with your customers using Large Language Models (LLM) and AWS Lambda functions.

## Getting Started

```shell
npm i @aws-lambda-powertools/event-handler
```

### Required resources

You must create an Amazon Bedrock Agent with at least one action group. Each action group can contain up to 5 tools, which in turn need to match the ones defined in your Lambda function. Bedrock must have permission to invoke your Lambda function.

??? note "Click to see example IaC templates"

    === "AWS SAM"

        ```yaml
        --8<-- "examples/snippets/event-handler/bedrock-agents/templates/gettingStartedSam.yaml"
        ```

    === "AWS CDK"

        ```typescript
        --8<-- "examples/snippets/event-handler/bedrock-agents/templates/gettingStartedCdk.ts"
        ```

### Usage

> To create an agent, use the `BedrockAgentFunctionResolver` to register your tools and handle the requests. The resolver will automatically parse the request, route it to the appropriate function, and return a well-formed response that includes the tool's output and any existing session attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `BedrockAgentFunctionResolver` to register your tools and handle the requests to your Lambda function. The resolver will automatically parse the request, route it to the appropriate function, and return a well-formed response that includes the tool's output and any existing session attributes.
```

When passing the tool parameters to your handler, we will automatically cast them to the appropriate type based on the `type` field defined in the action group. This means you can use native JavaScript types like `string`, `number`, `boolean` without worrying about parsing them yourself.

Currently, we don't support parsing `array` types, so you will receive them as strings.

=== "Define a tool"

  ```typescript hl_lines="4 6 20"
  --8<-- "examples/snippets/event-handler/bedrock-agents/gettingStartedFunctionsTool.ts"
  ```
  

>   1. The `description` field is optional, but highly recommended in the action group definition.

Author: Yea, good point. Can't add it until tomorrow when I get on a laptop. But if you wanna suggest a line like you did with the previous ones I can accept it.

The gist of why we need it is that it gives the LLM better context on the tool and how to use it.

=== "Custom error handling"

    ```typescript hl_lines="19-25"
    --8<-- "examples/snippets/event-handler/bedrock-agents/stopConversation.ts"
    ```

### Accessing Lambda context and event

You can access to the original Lambda event or context for additional information. These are passed to the handler function as optional arguments.

=== "Access event and context"

    ```typescript hl_lines="7-9"
    --8<-- "examples/snippets/event-handler/bedrock-agents/accessEventAndContext.ts"
    ```

### Setting session attributes

When Bedrock Agents invoke your Lambda function, it can pass session attributes that you can use to store information across multiple interactions with the user. You can access these attributes in your handler function and modify them as needed.

=== "Working with session attributes"

    ```typescript hl_lines="24-27"
    --8<-- "examples/snippets/event-handler/bedrock-agents/sessionAttributes.ts"
    ```

### Logging

By default, the `BedrockAgentFunctionResolver` uses the global `console` logger and emits only warnings and errors.

> You can change this behavior by passing a custom logger instance to the `BedrockAgentFunctionResolver` constructor and setting its log level. Alternatively, you can also enable [Lambda Advanced Logging Controls](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/monitoring-cloudwatchlogs-advanced.html) and setting the log level to `DEBUG`.

Reviewer: Why not add the Powertools log level explanation here instead of ALC? Setting the Powertools log level will solve the problem both in local environment (testing, mock API and other things) and in production, running on Lambda. ALC will solve it only in production.

I would not mention ALC in this doc.

Reviewer: Thanks for detailed explanation @dreamorosi! Keep it!!

When debug logging is enabled, the resolver will emit logs that show the underlying handler registration and the routing process. This is useful for understanding how the agent resolves the tools and routes the requests.

> For example, when using the [Powertools for AWS Lambda logger](../logger.md), you can set the `LOG_LEVEL` to `DEBUG` in your environment variables or at the logger level and pass the logger instance to the `BedrockAgentFunctionResolver` constructor to enable debug logging.

Reviewer: If you accept the previous suggestion, you can remove it.
